Add Feature Flag Migration guide to docs (#4792)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/topics/feature-flag-migration/planning-feature-flag-migration.md

> ### Planning Feature Flag Migration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Planning Feature Flag Migration
---
```

When planning your feature flag migration, it is essential to focus on four key areas:

* Use cases
* Core feature flag setup
* Key stakeholders
* System architecture

> #### Use Cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Cases
```

Use cases for feature flags:

* Operational or Permission flags (also known as “Kill Switches”
* Gradual rollouts
* Canary releases
* A/B testing / Experimentation

Core Feature Flag setup

This planning phase is all about understanding the anatomy of the existing feature flag setup so it can be moved to Unleash. 

Key questions include:

* Many many flags are there?
* How many are active? 
* Do the inactive flags need to be migrated, or can they be removed entirely, simplifying migration?

Once you have an understanding of what needs to be migrated, you should plan for how flags will be organized in the future.  Picking the right organizing principle is critical for access controls. Unleash supports Application, Project, Environment, and Role-based access, so pick the option that makes the most logical sense for your organization.

Our experience tells us that organizing flags by the development teams that work on them is the best approach.  For example: 

* By application or microservice
    * E.g. Shopping Cart, Website, Mobile app
* By Projects
    * E.g. Logistics, Finance
* By organization hierarchy
    * E.g. Frontend, backend, platform teams

> #### Key stakeholders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key stakeholders
```

---
title: Planning Feature Flag Migration
---

When planning your feature flag migration, it is essential to focus on four key areas:

* Use cases
* Core feature flag setup
* Key stakeholders
* System architecture

## Use Cases

> It is essential to know how feature flags will be used so that you can set up the proper data model, user permissions, and system architecture.  

Reviewer 2: Repetition of _it is essential_, suggest:

```suggestion
A key requirement is to understand how feature flags will be used so that you can set up the proper data model, user permissions, and system architecture.  
```
